# Trie_data_structure
The basic structures used to implement the project are two prefix trees, one with information about books, and the other with authors. At the end of the T1 tree path is the book structure with information about the respective book, and at the end of the T2 tree path is the structure of another tree like T1, in which the books written by the respective author are stored. The structure of the trie1 tree also has a special field (no_books), where the number of cards inserted in it is stored. This field is useful for the delete command because the author's key will be deleted from T2 if there are no more books written by him. It also checks when inserting a book into the tree at the end of the T2 path so that the book does not already exist. The search functions return the book structure / sort structure and are useful for testing certain conditions or obtaining the sort structure from T2 for insertion. The "display" functions are used to display the information as follows: The display function displays the entire contents of the trie1 tree by recursively constructing from 0 a string of the characters encountered along the way. The display_3_books and display_3_authors functions are a bit more complex in the sense that they also receive a prefix for comparison as a parameter, so only the elements with the required prefix will be displayed. In addition, a number is received as a parameter which is 3 (symbolizing the maximum number of books), which is transmitted by side effect, so that each decrement is saved after recursive calls. The three functions have something special: the display is made in the order of the given alphabet, not according to the order in the ASCII table, so ALPHABET [i] is used, but not i, where ALPHABET is the string of characters that represents the alphabet and represents the position. The delete functions are useful for the "delete_book" command, which recursively deletes all nodes that make up the book names / authors' names, as well as the terminal node that stores the information.
